Downloaded from
YTS.MX
♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪
[Hollis V.O.] The last
few years of my life
have been a roller coaster.
[Hollis V.O.]
But there's was one constant.
Jeffrey Wallace.
[Hollis V.O.] When I wanted to
get my record expunged.
Jeffrey was there.
When we lost people we
loved. Jeffrey was there.
[Hollis V.O.]
When I was in trouble.
Jeffrey was there.
[Hollis V.O.]
I've been through hell.
[Hollis screams]
No! No!
And sometimes I didn't
think I'd make it out
but Jeffrey was always there.
[Hollis V.O.]
But now he's gone.
Jeffrey was like a father.
Although he'd say more
like a big brother. but...
He was very special to me.
He was always there
for all of us.
He always believed in us.
He was our hero.
[Rena]
First Rory. now this.
[Gene]
Who's next?
[Abby]
Any word on suspects?
Motive?
[Hollis] I've talked to
Joelle a couple of times.
Nothing. not a clue.
And none of my journalist
friends have any intel.
Yeah. radio
silence. all around.
So what happens
to the book club?
Do we keep digging?
Yeah!
And we stay together.
Like we always do.
Yeah.
We owe it to Jeffrey to
find out who killed him.
I love you guys.
[Rena]
I'll see you soon.
Yeah.
Check up on Miller.
Make sure he's okay.
I will.
Hollis...
Hey Joelle.
Thank you so much for coming.
Are you kidding me?
Jeffrey meant
the world to me.
He adored you.
You know. I always thought
you were his favorite.
I don't know about that but
I'm sure gonna miss him.
Do you need anything?
Anything I can do or...
Actually. um. I could use your
help settling his affairs.
You know. he didn't
have much but
I want to honor his wishes.
Of course.
Please call me.
Absolutely.
Thank you so much.
Really turning on
the tears. isn't she?
People just eat it up.
Brian Wallace.
Jeffrey was my dad.
Yes. of course.
Your dad talked about you a lot.
And you're Hollis Morgan.
He talked about you too.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Your dad was truly a great man.
The best.
He deserved better.
[Joelle]
Brian?
Are you coming
back to the house?
I think I'll pass.
[Brian's phone rings]
Yeah. okay.
It was nice to finally meet you.
Yeah. you too.
Detective.
[Hollis]
Hi.
[Faber]
Hi. So how're you doing.
I'm really sorry.
That was a silly question.
It's okay.
So what's up with the case?
Any leads?
Nothing that hasn't
been reported already.
Shot at close range in his
office. no suspects. no motives.
no murder weapon.
How are you doing otherwise?
How long before
you take the bar?
A couple more weeks.
You ready?
Actually. I wish I
had more time but
it's either take this one or
wait for the next one
to roll around in another
six months or so.
What?
What's your deal?
How come we never
talk about you?
[scoffs]
I'm sure there's more to the
brooding detective than just
the habitually loosened ties
and the snappy one liners.
You got a story?
Everyone does.
Sure is good to see
you again. Hollis.
Gene.
I got a book from Jeffrey.
When I said see you guys soon.
I didn't think it'd be tonight.
We didn't think we'd be
getting mail from the grave.
I'm pretty sure that Jeffrey
sent these out before he died.
Or someone did.
Maybe it was the same person who
texted us that Jeffrey was dead.
[Rena]
That's still a mystery.
Yeah. but what about
this title. though?
[Hollis]
"As Heroes Fall".
It's kind of ominous.
don't you think?
[Abby] Okay. let's not
get ahead of ourselves.
Jeffrey recommended books
to us all the time.
What in...? Miller!
[Miller] There's numbers in
these books!
Yes. Most books do. Miller.
Page numbers.
chapter numbers...
No no no no.
There's handwritten numbers.
In the back cover.
Look at your books.
[Miller] There's two numbers
on each back cover.
[Gene] What the hell is
that supposed to mean?
Jeffrey was trying to
tell us something.
[Abby]
That's our Jeffrey!
Constantly keeping
us on our toes.
Even in death.
Miller. can you figure out
what these numbers mean?
[Abby]
Oh come on!
You'd have to do every possible
combination and then what?
One big number that means...
Whatever it means. we
have to figure it out.
I wanna figure out who
killed Jeffrey too but.
he was an ex-cop.
The list of suspects could
be longer than my arm.
[Abby]
I agree with Miller.
Don't think I've ever
said that before but...
[Hollis]
You guys listen to this...
It reads "Sometimes the
one who saves others
is the one who
needs to be saved."
[Hollis]
Jeffrey saved us. guys.
Now it's time for us to
do something for him.
And plus. how do we know
that whoever killed Jeffrey
won't come after
one of us next?
I'll figure out the numbers.
Yeah. And do a deep
dive into his finances.
That should take all
of five minutes.
The man was a parole officer.
Well the protagonist in "Heroes"
was a plumber who owned
a $2 million dollar home.
You read the book that fast?
I skimmed it.
Apparently he was
smuggling art from Italy.
Oh. I doubt Jeffrey was
smuggling anything.
[Gene] And I doubt
he was wealthy.
I mean. did you see the
man's wardrobe? Hello?
Okay. Let's just be sure.
Okay. I'll check
out the son.
Ah. yes. And find out
what he does for a living
and who he hangs out with.
Abby. can you find out if
Jeffrey owned any property.
Was his house paid up?
I already know the answers.
No and no.
[Hollis]
"As Heroes Fall".
We all need to read it.
Jeffrey sent this
to us for a reason.
[Hollis chuckles]
[Mark]
Hollis.
[Hollis]
Hey Mark!
Hey. are you sure I
can't change your mind
about leaving the firm?
Woo. well.
Let me see.
The head of our law firm was
a murderous. lying. cheating
monster who tried to blow me up
in an abandoned warehouse
and plotted to steal money
from little old ladies
all while the partners
stood idly by.
Yeah. I'm sure.
[Mark chuckles]
Same.
Ah...
Hey. don't look so surprised.
You know I'm a
man of principles.
Besides. somebody's got to
keep you out of trouble.
Think anyone will hire us?
Hmm. Buy me lunch and I'll
tell you what I think.
[Mark]
So. here's what I'm thinking.
You work for me as a paralegal.
and I'll help you
prep for the bar.
Once you pass. we become
full-fledged partners.
Balan and Morgan.
See I'm seeing Morgan and Balan.
B comes before M. so...
Okay. fine.
What kind of law?
General practice.
Does this job come
with a paycheck?
Paycheck is such a dirty word.
[chuckles]
I'm taking that as a no.
You're driving me crazy.
Just until we get some clients.
Come on. Hollis.
Your name on the door right
after passing the bar.
Who passes up an
opportunity like that?
[phone rings]
Hey!
I was definitely going
to give you a call.
I just wanted to give
you some time to...
Of course. yes
I meant every word.
Sure.
Sounds great!
Okay. see you soon.
All right. Bye.
That was our first client.
She wants to meet.
Who? When?
Like now!
You're driving.
Yeah yeah yeah. Let's go.
-Grab that!
-Yeah yeah. I got it.
I thought you were
supposed to work for me!
[Joelle]
Things have always been
a bit contentious between
my stepson and me.
It's a good thing Jeffrey
didn't have anything for us
to fight over or you'd
have your hands full.
[Hollis chuckles]
Well. judging by Jeffrey's
will. let's see.
there's the boat and a car.
Are we missing anything?
[Joelle]
That's about it. really.
There is some small
bonds and investments.
But. ah...
Not much to show for all those
years of hard work. huh?
[Joelle] I wrote down
what I know of.
[Mark] Oh yeah. That looks like
a working man's savings.
We can take care
of this in no time.
I'll get a digi-sign retainer
sent over to you and...
Could you drop
it off. please?
I'm embarrassed to say.
I'm not very tech savvy.
It's not a problem.
I'm pretty tactile myself.
Well. I guess that's
about it then.
Thank you so much for
your time. Mark and Hollis.
[Mark]
Thank you Mrs. Wallace.
I'll show them out. Joelle.
Hey. um...
Watch your back with her.
What do you mean?
I think she killed my father.
With all due respect.
"Mr. Commissioner."
I don't get how I
keep getting stuck
with these scratch
and dent partners.
I mean. last year it was the
wannabe boy band member and now.
this over-educated drama queen
who's trying to clinch her
family's inheritance by
following in daddy's footsteps.
Detective Lincoln
is not that bad.
Not if you're casting
a reality TV star.
Don't let this go to
your head. Jon. but
her dad wanted her to
work with the best.
And that's you.
Well I'm flattered her dad. our
illustrious District Attorney.
thinks so highly
of me but. come on.
It's not a good fit.
It's not an arranged marriage.
She's a partner.
Give it time.
As for the other guys.
they'll need time too.
You'll win them over.
Eventually.
Once a fighter always
a fighter. right?
Look. Lincoln is
just a spoiled...
Hey! Detective Lincoln!
Hey there. Commissioner.
Got a minute?
Absolutely.
My parents just wanted to
make sure that you and Hailey
were joining us at the club
for dinner this weekend.
I wouldn't miss
it for the world.
I told them I'd
check in with you.
Yeah. No problem.
[Rena] Okay Gene Donovan.
meet Kaila Gentry.
We grew up together.
We're like sisters than friends.
Oh!
She's been here a couple
months. working for News4All.
And I thought it was about time
she met a fellow journalist.
Well nice to meet you. Kaila.
News4All. huh? [laughs]
Yeah. I know. I know.
Not exactly a paragon
of journalistic virtue.
Not paragon of anything at all.
[laughs]
Well Kaila's gonna
change that. Right?
I'm gonna try.
That's why I wanted
her to meet you. Gene.
I mean. I think she could use
some advice on how to deal
with these
Philadelphia big wigs.
Yes. well. I never give
advice on an empty stomach.
So get the first round of drinks
and I'll tell you
everything I know!
Well. not everything!
[all laugh]
♪ [upbeat music] ♪
Well. look. okay. if I
had my pick of the crop
it wouldn't be News4All.
We all have to start somewhere!
Cheers!
♪
[happy chatter]
Where's your car?
Oh. I'm illegally
parked over here.
Oh. okay.
[laughing]
Bye!
-Bye.
-Good night!
Love you. girl.
[tires squealing]
Kaila!
[Kaila screams]
[car engine revs high]
Are you okay? Are you okay?
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
[Gene]
That was no accident.
That car tried to run you over.
What the hell is going on?
I. ah...
I've been working on a
story about Dorian Fields.
the CEO of a charity
called Fields of Giving.
Thank you.
I'm familiar.
I received an
anonymous tip
that the organization
is mismanaging funds.
Fields caught wind of my
investigation and slapped
News4All with an injunction to
keep me from posting the story.
I kept investigating
on my own though.
Do you have proof?
My source has close ties to
Fields' inside person
who sets up bogus charities
for LGBTQ+ youth.
veterans. disaster relief.
you name it!
Who's the inside person?
The name on the
documents is Joey Barnes.
Look. I just need to protect
my source and my data.
Our friend. Miller.
he can digitize and encrypt
those documents.
He can transfer
them somewhere safe.
[big sigh]
Thanks. girl.
Look. I just need to move fast
before my source stops
feeding me information.
Or worse.
Something happens to them.
Let's also make sure
nothing happens to you.
You should come with me
to my self defense
class in the morning.
♪ [energetic music] ♪
[Instructor] You want to take
down a would-be assailant
focus on his vulnerable areas.
♪
Remember when we were little
and you used to sneak
into my mom's closet and
try on her fake furs?
You mean her fake fake furs?
[they laugh]
How could I forget?
You know. that sparked
my love for fashion.
You've always had an eye.
Okay.
You were always so fearless.
To a fault. I might add.
You were going to save the world
all while rocking my designs.
Me?
I'll start by saving the world
from people like Dorian Fields.
Yeah. well. if anyone is going
to take him down. it's you.
[Hollis]
Sorry. Late night.
Work or pleasure?
Neither.
Just the creaking sounds
of justice keeping me up.
Keep the coffee hot.
Many sleepless nights await.
For now. let's talk
about our first case.
I filed the will.
Oh. I have that...
Where where where's that?
Great. I have the inventory of
Jeffrey's valuables right here.
Yeah. this doesn't
make any sense.
Why would somebody
kill this guy?
He's got a car and an old boat.
Can't be worth more than
$20.000 grand combined.
That doesn't add up.
Yeah. I know.
I couldn't agree with you more.
By the way. I got you breakfast.
Yeah. where is it?
I'm starving.
I ate it.
You were late.
Come on!
Yikes.
Nothing like taking
your frustrations out
on a lumpy old bag
that can't punch back.
You okay. man?
When is it gonna go away. Dave?
You know. I bust my ass
12. 16 hours a day.
Yeah. I follow the rules.
And one lack in judgement. you
know. it cost me my career climb
Well. that error nearly
cost a man his life. Jon.
Internal Affairs cleared me.
You know that.
And you know that other cops
don't care what IA has to say.
Do you?
Come on. Jon.
You get all the best cases.
What's your beef?
Look. it's not about
the best cases.
It's about being respected
by the people I work with.
It's about being trusted.
Patience. grasshopper.
Get to work!
[Rena]
I'm at Kaila's.
Miller. how am I supposed to
know what time to meet you
if you won't tell me?
Rena we have to be careful.
We don't know who's listening.
Okay. well I can't crack a code
every time I need
to talk to you.
No. look. Rena...
Okay. look. Never mind.
I'll just. I'll bring
everything to your house later
and we can just...
Miller. I'll call you back.
Kaila?
Kaila...
[car engine running]
Kaila?
No no no no.
Kaila! No!
[screams]
No!
[screaming]
No! No!
[screaming. crying]
Kaila!
[sobbing]
[Faber]Ms. Martinez. when was
the last time you saw Ms.Gentry?
This morning at the gym.
Did she seem depressed or...?
She didn't kill herself. if
that's what you're implying.
She wouldn't give up that easy.
Do you know anyone who might
have wanted to see her dead?
Rena and Gene said that Kaila
was doing an expose
on the CEO of a big non-profit.
Dorian Fields.
[Faber]
Okay...
An anonymous source gave
her some damning evidence
of wrongdoing at the charity.
Fields was pretty
upset about it.
Upset enough to kill her?
It certainly looks
that way. doesn't it?
[Faber] We'll pick this
back up tomorrow.
Yeah.
Why don't you go home
and get some rest.
[Gene]
Let's go.
Call you later. Okay?
So what do you think?
I think that you and your fellow
sleuths should sit this one out.
Your friend really
needs you right now.
And you need to focus
on your bar exam.
You know. it's interesting...
For a man who's so tight-lipped
about his own life.
you sure do have a lot
to say about mine.
[Abby]
Thanks for breakfast.
[Hollis]
Of course.
[Abby]
As lovely as it was
I can't help wondering if
maybe you have something
on your mind besides french
toast and dark roast.
Do you know Dorian Fields?
Of course.
He gave me my first
million-dollar listing.
Sold it after two showings so.
needless to say. he likes me.
Do you like him?
Let's see...he could have gotten
any broker to sell his house
but he chose me.
So. yeah. I love the guy.
I think he might have
had Rena's friend killed.
What?
She was a reporter for News4All.
Doing an expose on him.
Hollis! That's a
serious accusation.
I know. I know.
I told Rena we'd help her
figure out who killed Kaila.
So tell me about Dorian.
Tell me about him.
He's loaded. Connected.
Powerful.
The full trifecta.
Okay. but what about like
loving. compassionate. generous?
Come on.
He runs a non-profit.
Does he use donations
to buy real estate...
Okay. Hollis. stop!
Stop!
Are you sure you
want to do this?
Cause I'm not sure
I want to do this.
-Are you afraid of this guy?
-No. I...
Then what?
Dorian and I move
in the same circles.
I don't want him
to think that
I'm poking around
in his affairs.
It could be very
bad for my business.
And we can't have
that. can we Abby?
Okay. that's not fair!
Some of us have a lot to lose.
I don't? Rena doesn't?
Look...
We're not all as
fearless as you are.
You need to dial
it down a bit here.
Why are you even
looking into this case
when we don't even know
what happened to Jeffrey?
Because Rena's our
friend and she's hurting.
Hell. we're all hurting.
I just can't sit
back and do nothing.
I'll see what I
can find on Dorian.
Discreetly.
[Hollis] So Brian.
You wanted to see us.
I know I just seem like a
guy who hates his stepmother
but that's not the case.
I mean. don't get me wrong.
I do hate her but
it's more than that.
I think she was
having an affair.
Okay...
With whom?
I'd rather not say.
Did Jeffrey know about this?
I told him but he
didn't believe me.
At least he pretended he didn't.
What does that mean?
I think he was planning to
leave Joelle for another woman.
Ano...
What other woman?
Who who was she?
I don't know.
But I'm worried.
I mean. people are
winding up dead.
I think Joelle and her lover.
I think they might
have killed my dad.
Okay. back up.
Who died besides your dad?
Nobody. I meant him.
All right.
What's going on with
my dad's estate?
He said someday he
would leave me his boat.
It's like a hundred years old
and probably not worth much but
I'd like to list it
as soon as possible.
Might be enough cash
to get out of town.
You're leaving town?
Yeah. soon as possible.
That doesn't make you
look suspicious at all.
Well. my mom's
gone. my dad's gone.
I don't really have a
reason to stay here. Right?
So if you could speed things up.
I could really use the cash.
I think Joelle's
probably going to try to
pin the murder on me.
But... Look. I didn't do it!
I didn't kill my dad.
I loved him.
[Abby] I take it we're not
going to wait on Rena.
[Gene] No. We don't have
that much time.
She'll be here.
What've we got?
I'm still working on the number
combinations that Jeffrey wrote
in the books but it's
a lot of numbers
and a lot of
combinations.
It's taking longer
than I though it would.
Okay. how much longer?
I don't know. It's a
lot of combinations.
A lot of possibilities
for where they can land.
So. I'm just going
to keep working.
I won't rest until I'm done.
Okay. Okay okay.
Abby?
If you guys tell anyone
this I will deny it.
Dorian Fields paid
off the mortgage
on the News4All
headquarters.
Okay.
Well. now we know who's calling
the shots at that outlet.
No wonder Kaila's
article got shut down.
We need to get to
Kaila's source.
Or at the very least.
find her evidence.
Yeah. but I'm pretty
sure her evidence
is in police custody now.
Either that or the killers found
it when they murdered her.
Hmm. True.
Okay. so where are we
on the Jeffrey front?
Brian's convinced that
our beloved hero
is unfaithful to his wife.
What makes him think that?
I don't know. I don't know.
But who else is afraid we
might find out Jeffrey
wasn't the saint
we thought he was.
Has anyone heard from Rena?
Rena Martinez.
Dorian Fields.
Please.
So. I was delighted to get
your invitation to meet.
I'm a huge fan of your designs.
So...
What can I do for you?
The question is. what can
I do for you. Mr. Fields.
Let me get a steak sandwich.
Make that two.
All right.
Hope you're hungry.
Thank you.
Detective!
Jonathan.
-Hey.
-Hi.
-How are you?
-I'm good.
You know. just grabbing
some lunch and studying.
Yeah. me too.
Ah. grabbing lunch.
So how much do you know about
Brian and Joelle Wallace?
Look. I thought I told you to
stay away from the investigation
You know. Brian is pretty
sure that his stepmother
had something to do
with his dad's death.
And let me guess.
She's convinced that
he killed him. right?
So any number one suspects?
I don't have one.
Really?
Yeah. the case has been handed
over to another detective.
Why?
I'm on the Kaila Gentry case now
since it's been officially
ruled a homicide.
Was there ever any doubts?
Well the manner in which
she died suggested suicide.
But?
But forensics revealed
that she was already dead.
or close to it. when she
was placed in the car.
We just released a statement.
Blunt force trauma to the head.
I got to go.
You should. ah. get
back to your lunch.
So. where we at with
Jeffrey Wallace?
Hollis.
Where are you going?
Hollis!
What's going on?
[Hollis] I got to go Mark.
I'll call you later.
Rena!
Are you sure you know
what you're doing?
Come on. Hollis.
You're not the
only super sleuth.
I got this.
Super sleuth!
You know. even if I don't
get the goods on him.
I'll still expose my
line to a bunch of
snooty rich folk who might
just become potential clients.
Yeah. but I thought your designs
were supposed to be high fashion
for the everyday girl.
Well. rich girls live
everyday too. don't they?
Look. relax.
Getting close to Fields
means one step closer
to finding out
who killed Kaila.
Yeah. but how are you
have your designs ready
in time for the event?
I'll put my models in
one-of-a-kind samples.
The rich and famous will
bid on what they want
and I'll make custom
designs for them.
Okay. Sounds like you've
got it all figured out.
You handle this and I'll stay
on top of the Jeffrey case.
Just call us sleuth sisters.
Sleuth sisters... Okay.
[laughs]
What's the next step
with Mr. Fields?
Well. he's coming over tomorrow
to check out the pieces
for the auction.
You know. after a few drinks
he's more a philanderer than a
philanthropist so I'll make
sure the models are on break.
Smart girl. Smart girl.
Ah. one more thing.
Do you have any unused office
space you could spare?
I'm sure we can
figure something out.
I got to go.
Where are you going?
Oh. just...
Happy hour with the boys.
But. but...
Make yourself at home.
Call you later.
Okay...
[Miller whispering]
I don't like this.
[Gene whispering] Why are we
breaking into Kaila's house.
[Miller]
It will just take a second.
I just need a little light here.
[Miller]
What are we looking for?
[Rena] Evidence.
The documents that
she told us about.
[Miller]
Where do we start?
I mean. she's got a
lotta stuff in here.
[Gene]
Well think.
Where would Kaila hide
something of value?
[Rena] Well she would definitely
think outside the box.
[Miller]
Oh. and here is the box.
Gene.
Miller. Miller. come here.
[Gene] I can't make heads or
tails of this stuff.
[Miller] Didn't these people
ever hear of digital bookkeeping
and online spreadsheets?
[Rena]
Wait.
[Miller reading] From the desk
of Jeffrey A. Wallace?
[Rena]
We should call Hollis.
Come on. Jon. Hands up
You always leave yourself
vulnerable. Come on!
[Hollis]
Hey!
You could have told me to
meet you somewhere else.
But then you wouldn't
get a chance
to show off your
elite boxing skills.
Your text said it
was urgent. so...
Yes!
We found these documents
at Kaila Gentry's house.
Yeah. I heard someone crossed
the police line last night.
I should've known it was you.
It was not... me.
Can you just look
at the documents?
I will.
Okay. so you're mad because I...
Someone broke the rules and...
What else is new?
Okay. just call me when
you look over everything.
You're a fighter aren't you?
[Hollis] When I have to be.
Yeah. I'm a fighter.
♪ [high energy music starts] ♪
♪
[Hollis' phone rings]
Gene. hey. I gave Faber
the documents.
He's gonna review them
and get back to me.
[Gene]
Excellent!
Hey. ah. could
you do me a favor?
It has nothing to do with
Dorian Fields or Jeffrey.
Can you do some digging for me?
Sure. Who's the target?
Jonathan Faber.
[Dorian] Your work is every bit
as exquisite as you said it was.
[Rena] Well. honesty is the
best policy. Mr. Fields.
Call me Dorian. please.
I love your confidence.
And you know. showcasing your
work at the silent auction.
it's going to expose you to
so many potential clients.
possibly even some investors.
And all for a good cause.
Absolutely.
You know you could have a
really bright career. Rena.
I could see to that.
The thing is.
you just have to choose your
friends very very carefully.
Well. you know. I've actually
read a lot about you.
-You did?
-Yes yeah.
I have to say that
your rise to success
has been pretty rapid
and impressive.
All while serving others.
I just hope someday I could be
one of those wealthy investors.
Actually. I could probably
make a small donation now.
I'm all about helping
people in need.
Just like you.
Wow!
Beautiful. talented
and compassionate.
You my dear. you are
the perfect package.
Oh. thanks.
Yeah. so. I would love to
make a donation to a charity.
Potentially something that
empowers young girls.
Right. it's just. um...
I'm afraid that's not
exactly how it works.
Oh?
Yeah. it's. ah...
We like to spread out
the money equally
to all our charities
so that they thrive.
It's kind of like a pooled fund.
Right. Got it.
So how do I know if they
get an equal share?
Or if they get
a share at all?
How does the overhead work?
[laughs]
I'm actually embarrassed to say
I don't know all the minutiae.
all the little details.
But I have a team of financial
experts. they handle all that.
I just bring in the money.
Of course.
So. listen. I actually
gotta run. Rena.
But I just want to say I am
so looking forward to this.
Thank you so much for doing it.
The show's going to be great.
And if there's anything
you need. like anything...
You don't hesitate. Okay?
Yeah yeah. Thank you.
All right. All right.
You're great.
You do such good stuff.
Thanks.
Hey Hollis.
Yeah yeah.
No I couldn't get
anything out of him.
Not yet anyway.
Listen. we. we need to figure
out why Jeffrey's stationary
was in Kaila's envelope.
[Hollis] Yeah. I gave the
documents to Faber
Let's see what he says.
In the meantime. I think we
need to go to Jeffrey's office
and do a little snooping.
You game?
Girl. you know I am.
But first I need to
change into something
more parole officer-like.
I'll meet you there.
Okay. you keep an eye
out. I'm going in.
Keep your phone handy.
I'll let you know
if anyone comes.
-Roger that.
Pretty easy evening. right?
Yeah.
I wanna say I'm surprised
to see you but...
Well. I'm definitely
surprised to see you.
[door beeps]
Didn't you say this was
no longer your case?
What are you doing here?
[Rena's phone buzzes]
Miller. this is not a good time.
Can you do me a favor?
While you're at Jeffrey's can
you try to find something
with his handwriting on it.
I'm hoping to match it to the
writing we found on the note.
Okay. but the cops
have the note.
Did you memorize
the handwriting?
Miller?
[Hollis]
So. Detective Faber...
Who's the number
one suspect. huh?
Oh come on. seriously.
I know you have an idea.
Look. what I can tell you. is
that the casings found at the
scene were traced
back to a ghost gun.
Maybe someone we didn't
even think about?
Right. But who had a close
enough relationship to Jeffrey?
I mean. someone who would want
to kill him to keep a secret?
Anyone come to mind?
Interesting.
[banging noise]
You coming?
You know what?
I think I need to
use the ladies room.
Yeah....
Okay?
Be right out... Have a good
evening. Detective.
[Faber] All right.
Be careful. Ms. Morgan. Night.
[door opens]
Hey!
Okay. so...
I got documents signed
by Jeffrey so that Miller
can match the handwriting to
the scribble on the note.
Great. What else did you find?
Not much. really.
But I took a bunch of photos.
There's that brandy bottle.
[Faber] Did anyone have a close
enough relationship to Jeffrey?
Someone who might want to see
him killed to keep a secret?
Oh! Brandy?
You got a bottle of
wine stashed somewhere?
No. I leave wine for the
lightweights like you and Abby.
[Hollis laughs]
That's our Jeffrey.
Constantly keeping
us on our toes.
[Brian] I think he was
planning to leave Joelle
for another woman.
[Rena]
What?
Huh? Oh nothing nothing.
Let's just go.
Okay. Yeah yeah.
[Hollis] Okay. Yeah. I know I
know. It's not your brand.
[Abby]
It'll do.
What's with the brandy?
[Hollis] It was Jeffrey's
favorite. And Rory's.
So. listen...
Do you think maybe next time
we could meet for lunch?
[Hollis laughs]
Not 7 a.m. or 10 p.m.
Michael's just.
getting suspicious.
Should he be?
I don't really know how to
say this and sound all dainty
and quiet.
But I'm just gonna spit it out.
Were you and Jeffrey
having an affair?
Jeffrey was my friend.
We talked about our
marital problems.
Maybe a little more
than we should have.
We cried into our drinks
maybe a little more
than we should have.
Is that your answer?
What do you want me to tell you?
Just the truth.
Were you and Jeffrey
having an affair?
It's just a simple
yes or no question.
No. It isn't.
Marriage is hard. Jeffrey.
I mean sometimes I
wish I could just...
throw in the
monogrammed towels.
Tell me about it.
At least your spouse is a
responsible. upstanding citizen.
But he didn't marry one.
[Jeffrey chuckles]
I don't know what I'd do if I
didn't have you to talk to.
You've always been there for me.
You mean the world to me.
You know that?
Jeffrey was one of the
closest friends I ever had.
He was always there for me.
It wasn't a whirlwind romance.
It was a moment.
And we weren't proud of it. but
we didn't regret it either. so
To answer your question...
It was complicated.
How did you find out?
Clever deduction.
Process of elimination.
Just a lucky guess.
So...
Go ahead. Go ahead.
Ask me.
Did I have anything
to do with his murder?
Do you know who killed Jeffrey?
No.
I loved him. Hollis.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you.
but I know how much
you looked up to him.
And I didn't want you
to think less of him.
Of me.
We just needed each other.
I understand.
Are you going to
tell the Angels?
The police?
It's not my story to tell.
[Abby's phone rings]
Hey.
Yeah. I'm just leaving
a client meeting.
I'll be home shortly.
What the hell are you doing
lurking around here by yourself?
Are you okay?
Sure. I'm fine.
[footsteps approaching]
Oh. there you go.
Hey.
Hey. so. of course.
Miller called the meeting
and he's not here!
Anybody know what's up?
Yeah. the fact that Miller
called a meeting at all
is weird.
I haven't been home. I
haven't done anything yet.
Well. he called me when we
were in Jeffrey's office...
Wait! What?
You were at Jeffrey's office?
What am I missing?
What the hell is going
on with you people?
[Gene]
No seriously.
Guys!
[Gene]
Oh. there you are.
Okay! I figured it out.
It's a code.
It's a routing code!
[Miller]
You remember the note?
You remember the note that we
found in Kaila's envelope?
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
The handwriting
didn't match Jeffrey.
I didn't find a clue there.
I'm sorry Rena.
Wait a minute!
You kept the note. Miller?
I thought we gave
everything to Faber.
Yeah. No. Just this one.
You can get mad
at me later. okay?
This is bigger than this.
So so. I was going
through the numbers.
I was going through
the numbers.
I had so many notepads. so many
numbers. so many combinations.
It was kind of fun at first but
then I was like I'm not sure
if I want to do this anymore.
But then I picked this up
to do the comparison of the
handwriting and when I turned it
over there's all this scribbling
on the back of the note.
All this scribbling.
But here I found the
numbers 702 214 75702 2154075.
What does it mean?
Is it a phone number?
No it's not a phone number.
It's a routing code to a bank
account in the Cayman Islands.
Jeffrey owns it and it's got a
balance of $5 million dollars.
Are you sure?
Where the hell would
Jeffrey get $5 million?
Why would he keep it in
an offshore account?
Clearly because he didn't
want anyone to know about it!
Maybe it was some
kind of payoff?
No! Jeffrey would never
take a payoff. Okay.
There must be some
other explanation.
But guys! Why would there be a
page from Jeffrey's notepad
found amongst Kaila's stuff?
With Kaila's name
and address on it.
But Jeffrey didn't write it.
[Abby]
Then who did?
It had to be someone who had
access to Jeffrey's office.
Yeah. maybe his wife.
Or his son.
Yeah.
Well. what do we do?
[Abby] We're going to keep it
under wraps
until we get more
information.
I cannot keep it under wraps!
Okay?
I'm handling Jeffrey's estate.
I have a fiduciary
responsibility to his family.
I assume they already know.
Right?
[Gene]
What if they do?
What if that's why
he was murdered?
Okay.
I'll keep the note a secret
but I have to tell them
about the money. Okay?
I can't afford for this
to come back and bite me.
I'm trying to pass the bar...
[Abby] Of course. of course.
Do what you gotta do. Hollis.
We'll just let the chips
fall where they may.
Bye.
Hollis. nice find!
I know. Right?
This place is great.
Whoo!
She did good!
Oh. I told Joelle and Brian
we wanted to talk to them.
Do you think they knew
about the offshore accounts?
We'll find out soon enough.
I suppose we...
[Rena]
Hollis? Is that you?
It's her. The girl
from your hearing.
-Hi Rena!
-Hey girl.
Oh by the way. that's Mark...
The lawyer I was
telling you about.
You guys met at my hearing.
-Hey.
-Hi.
Are you ready to go meet...
Joelle and Brian?
Huh?
Okay. Judging by
your reactions.
I'm going to assume you
didn't know about the money.
I had no idea.
What happens now?
Well. I'm going to
be honest with you.
Offshore banks don't have the
best reputation for cooperating
with foreigners so it may be
a while before we find out if
Jeffrey even named
a beneficiary.
Doesn't money like
that usually go to a...
Spouse?
Or a child?
Okay. Let's not speculate here.
[Joelle] Did the police
know about this?
Uh... No.
But. we are going to tell them.
Yes!
They're going to think I
killed Jeffrey for sure.
So. back to this money.
[Hollis] Can we trust you two to
keep this under wraps for now?
Of course.
Okay. your discretion will make
it easier for us to protect you
and your interests
in this money.
[Hollis' phone rings]
Oh. excuse me for one minute.
I just need to take
this really quickly.
[whispers] Don't leave me
with them.
[whispers] You'll be fine.
You've got this.
Excuse me.
[Gene on phone]
Hola!
I got some juicy info
on your boy Faber.
Really? So. what'd you find?
Well. apparently Faber acted on
a hunch and ignored protocol.
His partner almost got killed.
Faber spiraled. Dave
Walker. remember.
well they were friends
back in Chicago.
He got Faber to move to Philly.
Okay.
He got tried to keep his records
under wraps but. you know.
some of the cops caught wind of
the internal investigation.
and needless to say. they
aren't too crazy about Faber.
I also have a little
tidbit about his partner
Detective Lincoln.
[Hollis]
Oh do tell.
[Gene] Dorian Fields donated to
daddy's re-election campaign.
Lincoln family roots
run deep in this city
and she's the only one who
hasn't made a name for herself
in law enforcement or politics.
[laughs]
[Gene] So what are you going to
do with all this information
about your cop crush?
I don't know.
What would you do?
[Gene] Hmm...
Save it for a rainy day.
[Gene] Why do I have the feeling
that your interest in
Faber's background is more
personal than professional?
Okay! So got to go.
Thanks for the info.
My apologies.
Okay...
So we're good?
-[gunshot. smashing glass]
-[Rena screaming]
Did you see a car or
anything. Ms. Martinez?
No no. There was
nothing outside.
I didn't see anything.
[Hollis]
Rena!
Rena. what happened?
What happened?
Gunshot through her front door.
Are you all right?
Are you hurt?
I'm okay. Thank you.
Clearly. someone thinks
you know something.
that you have some kind
of damaging information.
Well. we do.
What about the documents
that Hollis gave you?
It's a good thing you
didn't get shot over those.
There's wasn't anything I
found that wasn't already
on your friend's computer.
So you're telling me that
Kaila died for nothing?
That she had no hard evidence?
Well. it looks that way.
But the killer didn't know that.
Which also means they don't
know how much you know.
That's why you
need to be careful.
I'd hate to see something to
happen to either one of you.
Which is why I'm assigning
protective duty to you both.
Look. I need you to keep a low
profile for the next couple of
days until I get to
the bottom of things.
No. No can do.
Yeah. No.
We have the Fields of Giving
Fundraiser tomorrow night.
My designs are on display.
You've got to be
kidding me right now?
No. she's not kidding
and neither am I.
We have to find out who
this Joey Barnes guy is.
I'm sure he's connected
to all of this.
Well. then I'm assigning
an officer to you.
I'll take Rena.
Officer of the law.
And you know. Hollis
and I. we work here.
Mark can take me. I'll be fine.
Fine. Then. Hollis...
Absolutely not! No.
I'm not spending my evening
being chaperoned by some
clingy detective
I barely know. No. No.
Okay. then I'll go with you.
And keep an eye on you.
And you of course!
Actually. that's not a bad idea.
Because if something goes
down. you can just like
arrest the person right
there on the spot.
Sure.
Look. do I need a
ticket for this thing?
Ah. no. I got you covered.
Actually. do you have a suit?
Do you own a suit?
Like a nice suit?
Actually I do.
Of course you do. Sorry.
So it's a date.
[Faber]
A pretend date.
Protective duty date.
Yeah.
I'll pick you up at 7.
Actually. I'll meet you there
because I might have to help
Rena set some things up.
[Faber]
I'll send a car then.
A... nice car.
Not a police car.
[Lincoln]
Ahem...
Peace offering?
I didn't realize
we were fighting.
Listen. I know things haven't
been easy for you around here.
They haven't been
easy for me either.
Everyone just assumes I'm only
here because of my father.
So you're not?
Sorry.
I forgot we were being nice.
I know you think you got
stuck with me because. well.
nobody else wants
to be your partner.
So much for being nice.
But. if we are going to
be stuck with each other.
we may as well make
the most of it. Right?
Let's prove them wrong.
You know. as much as
I hate to admit it.
I do like the
sound of that.
I know you haven't been
straight up with me
about the Kaila Gentry case.
Hey. look. if Dorian Fields is
involved. we need to expose him.
Okay. look.
I don't know a whole lot about
Dorian Fields' involvement.
Not yet anyway.
but. you're right.
We'll figure it out.
Partner.
♪ [sexy music starts] ♪
♪
You look really... lovely.
Beautiful.
You look beautiful.
Nice suit.
Love the tie.
Shall we?
Thank you.
So what exactly are
you looking for here?
Anything that has Joey
Barnes' name on it.
[Abby]Oh!
Look at you!
You look amazing!
You look beautiful!
Kisses! Kisses!
Mowah! Mowah!
-Ms. Caldwell.
-Detective.
Listen. let me know
if you need anything.
I've got your back
tonight. okay?
You got me. I'm good.
Abby Caldwell!
Dorian.
How are you?
I am... I'm grand.
I'm grand.
Listen. I might have
a listing for you.
I might have several in fact. So
you call me this week. okay?
All right...
So Abby. where's Michael.
He...
Didn't come.
Excuse me.
Whoa Hollis!
You look...
-Wow!
-Thank you!
And how about this
goddess right here?
Oh. goddess? I like it.
Many more compliments where
that came from. bella donna.
Oh. you're good.
Did you know your partner
was going to be here?
[Faber]
No.
But I can't say I'm surprised
given her family connections.
[Dave]
Jon!
I didn't expect
to find you here.
I'm her escort.
Not an escort. just a...
I got it. I got it.
-Nice to meet you.
-Pleasure to meet you.
Oh. ah. Dave. Hollis.
Hollis this is
Commissioner Dave Walker.
Pleasure to meet you.
And my wife Nicole.
Listen to me.
Have some fun tonight.
Yes sir.
[Dorian]
Mr. District Attorney!
Dorian my friend. how are you?
Oh I could not be any better.
You remember my
daughter. Monica.
You know. you brag about her
every single time I see you.
You do.
It is good to meet
you. again Detective.
Hey. golf this weekend. Ken?
You got it buddy!
-I'll go easy on you.
-I'd appreciate that.
Monica...
Dad. listen...
You listen. sweetheart.
It won't kill you to hang up the
tough cop routine for one night.
Especially when you're talking
to one of my biggest donors.
I don't trust the guy.
Well. then trust me.
I know people.
[Dorian on microphone]
Ahem...
Good evening. folks!
[clapping]
I promise that I will not take
too much of your time.
First of all. Rena.
How great are her designs?
Absolutely exquisite.
[clapping]
I really. simply just
want to thank our donors.
[clapping]
Thank you. We are
so so grateful.
[clapping]
And last. but certainly
certainly not least.
my right hand...
Joey.
Come on up.
Come on.
Thank you.
[clapping]
There she is.
That's Joelle!
Joelle is Joey Barnes!
I know. She was one of the
first people I checked out
when I was put on
the Wallace case.
[Faber]
Barnes is her maiden name.
[Hollis] Wait. hold on
hold on hold on.
You knew and you didn't tell me?
What. so you could run off
half-cocked. confront her.
possibly get
yourself killed.
Seriously?
-Joelle?
-Exactly!
Faber. you have to arrest her!
I will. but I just have to
make sure the arrest sticks.
[Faber]
I got to follow protocol.
[whispers] One more photo and
then I think I have to leave.
Did you hear about something?
[Hollis] Ladies' room. Come on.
I'm sorry.
Bye bye.
[Rena] Okay. so all we need are
copies of those fake contracts
to match Joelle's
handwriting. right?
Yeah. And if it matches up to
the note on Jeffrey's letterhead
and the signature on the
retainer she signed
for me and Mark.
we've got her.
Perfect.
-Let's do it.
-Okay.
Dorian's office should
be around here somewhere.
[Rena]
Okay. This is it.
Here. use this.
It's perfect.
It's stuck.
Well. Hollis...
Needless to say.
your firm is fired.
[Faber's phone buzzing]
I'm sorry.
Before you get any crazy ideas
you should know I'm
an excellent shot.
One whimper. scream or...
[Rena] You're not that
great a shot.
You missed me last time.
[Joelle]
I was just trying to scare you.
I needed you to back off!
[Rena] And you wanted
Kaila to back off too.
That's why you
killed her.
[Joelle]
I didn't want to.
But she wouldn't stop.
She just kept
digging and prying.
She was going to
ruin everything!
What about Jeffrey?
Did you kill him too
for the $5 million?
I didn't know about the
money until you told me.
We could have had the
life I always wanted.
But he chose to keep
it hidden away from me.
Why would he do that?
So you turned to Dorian.
your partner in crime.
Yes.
But I fell in love with the guy.
[Hollis]
What about poor Jeffrey?
Did you even consider
him in any of this?
Jeffrey was my white knight.
He taught me to dream of
a better life for myself.
But he could never
give it to me.
Or he chose not to.
Joelle. you don't
have to do this.
This is the only thing I can do.
I'm sorry Hollis.
[Joelle screams]
[Hollis] Rena. Rena.
Look at me. Look at me!
Rena look at me.
Kaila would not
want you to do this.
Don't do it.
Breathe. Come on. Rena. breathe.
I got you. I got you. Breathe.
-[Rena sobs]
-Breathe. come on. Breathe.
-Hi.
-What is going on here?
-We're just going to have...
This is very embarrassing.
I actually have...
I'm just going to
slip out for a sec...
We're just going to
have a little talk.
Right...
At the station.
Take him to the station.
I was just going to say...
All right.
-Okay.
[Dave] What the hell are
you doing. Jon?
[Faber]Joelle has just confessed
to killing Kaila Gentry.
She also set up a raft
of fraudulent activities
within the Fields Of
Giving organization.
I hope you know
what you're doing.
We have a recorded confession.
You better do
everything by the book.
Our butts are going to
be on the line for this.
Understood.
I'm going back to the station.
See you there.
Hey hey hey.
Are you guys okay?
What happened?
Everything!
I got justice for my girl.
Thanks to this one.
We did it together.
And now we finally know
why Kaila's name was
in Jeffrey's notebook.
Joelle put it on there.
Joelle said she didn't kill him.
And she didn't know anything
about the $5 million.
Then who killed him.
And why?
I'm going to go.
Wait. What?
Where are you going?
To the police station.
I have a feeling that Kaila's
death and Jeffrey's death
are more closely linked
than we realize.
Got to get justice
for Jeffrey too.
[indistinct instructions]
Okay. Are you ready?
What are you doing?
I'm coming with you.
No. Hollis. this
is a police matter.
I still need to take all these
people in for questioning.
Okay. I'm coming with you.
Let's go.
No. you're not.
You're going home.
I can't...
Because you're my police escort.
Fine. Fine.
But you wait in my office.
I'm not going to let
any of these people
get off on a technicality.
Okay. Come on.
Skedaddle.
Oh! Remind me to tell you about
Jeffrey's $5 million dollar
bank account on the way.
Wait! What?
Five million?
Hollis. Hollis!
[Hollis]
Yeah. so. that was my evening.
Now I just sit and cool my heels
and wait for the
interrogations to start.
Wait. Are you in
Faber's actual office?
-Yep.
-Okay.
That station should have
a wired closed circuit.
Do you have access
to his computer?
Kind of.
Okay. look for a tab
that says conferencing.
You should be able to
scroll through the cameras.
Let me see. Let me see.
Miller. you're a genius.
[Miller]
Thanks. I know.
We still need to figure
out who killed Jeffrey?
Shh! Shh! I'll put you
on speaker phone.
We might find out.
Hold on. hold on.
[Faber] Well. Mr. Fields.
Your lawyer is on her way.
[Dorian] Great. Great great.
Is there anything you'd like to
share with us in the meantime?
Anything that Joey. I'm
sorry. Joelle. was up to.
was definitely not at
my level of review.
Hmmm.
Were you having intimate
relations with Joelle Wallace.
aka Joey Barnes?
[scoffs] No. No.
No. It wasn't that.
So if we get a search warrant
for your house. cars. bedroom.
we're not going to
find any of her DNA?
Solicitation. extortion. etc.
We know you killed Kaila Gentry.
Did you also kill your
husband to get your hands
on the $5 million he had
stashed away in the Caymans?
I didn't know about
the $5 million.
I learned about it
from Hollis and Mark.
How did your husband get his
hands on that kind of money?
I have no idea. I swear.
Let's talk about your work
with Fields of Giving.
Did you know that Joelle
Wallace stands to inherit
$5 million dollars now
that her husband is dead?
Why would I know that?
We found this sign-in sheet
from Jeffrey Wallace's
office from a few weeks ago.
So what?
My name is not on that.
No. it's not.
You did fake your name but you
didn't fake your signature.
See we had a handwriting
expert determine that
this is in fact your
handwriting. sir.
[message notification]
Wanna know what we think?
Dorian knew about
the $5 million.
He figured if he killed your
husband. he could sweet talk you
out of your inheritance and
maybe even get you to take
the fall for his murder.
Do you know who Dorian
was when I first met him?
Small time con man. hustling
people in the streets.
I built his empire.
And now he's double crossing me.
I guess there's no honor
amongst thieves. huh?
I know how to connect
Dorian to Jeffrey's murder.
[message notification]
Oh. bad news for you. Dorian.
Looks like your girlfriend
is rolling over on you.
Which is a shame because
I could have sworn
she was the one who
killed her husband.
I guess I was wrong.
But you know what?
My investigating wasn't
completely in vain.
What are you even talking about?
Oh right!
You see this man?
His name is John Paluto.
Now John and Joelle have
a rather shady history.
She introduced you
to him so he could
help launder some of your
Fields of Giving profits.
So what?
He also knew Jeffrey Wallace.
Maybe he killed him.
Maybe. he and Joelle did it!
Wow!
Now why didn't we think of that!
It's a really good thing that we
brought John in for questioning.
Even better that he
struck a deal with us.
He told us he defaulted
on a loan to you...
-Oh. he said that?
-And to pay up.
He offered you access
to a much bigger haul.
The $5 million dollars he set
up for Jeffrey Wallace
in the Caymans.
unbeknownst to his wife.
Now he also told us
you were planning on
blackmailing Jeffrey
and handing all of
it over to you.
-He said that?
-Uh huh.
[shouting] You do not have
one ounce of proof!
You have nothing!
This is...
[whispers]
You have nothing.
Hollis. I think I got something!
What what what what?
What are you talking about?
I accessed the security
footage from Jeffrey's office.
And using my self-taught
expertise in image forensics.
I was able to determine that the
video was. in fact. manipulated.
And quite well. I might add.
They used sophisticated video
editing software that relies on
mathematical equations to create
sort of a blurring effect
that mask reality.
So wherever I saw the blurred
effects on the video. or pieces
of video that had been
manipulated or omitted.
Pieces that show
Dorian at the scene!
Dorian was quite careful to
allude most of the cameras.
The artful dodger that he is.
but...
His reflection.
He couldn't hide his reflection.
And I caught it in one of the
mirrors in Jeffrey's office.
Wait a minute! What?
In the mirror?
We got him. Hollis!
We got him!
Send me the footage and
I'll show it to Faber.
Hurry. okay? Hurry!
It's already on the way.
We got him. Jeffrey.
We got him.
[Faber] I don't even want
to know how
Miller got this footage or why.
We'll get our guys on it.
You can pretend you figured
it out all by yourself!
[chuckles]
Sure.
Some date.
Are you kidding me?
You took down two
murderers in one night.
With your help.
And the other book club members.
Let's get out of here.
What's gonna happen
to Jeffrey's money?
Is it going to be returned
to the authorities now?
Well. depends on how well
the bank cooperates and
whether or not Jeffrey
had any final requests.
Dorian still thinks it's all
going to Joelle but. who knows?
I had a good night
tonight. Detective!
I guess.
Seriously? No...
Listen. I know what it feels
like to be judged by your past
and have people think
they know you because
they heard about something
you may have done wrong.
But for what it's worth. I think
you're one hell of a detective.
And a pretty awesome guy too.
Perfect.
Come on.
That was an interesting
evening. right...
Hollis! Hollis!
Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa!
I'm sorry sorry sorry...
No. it's okay!
This is Jeffrey's son.
-Hey.
-Hi Brian.
I heard the news. My dad
told me you were smart.
He knew something was
going to happen to him.
I tried to save him.
I really did.
I really did. I'm sorry.
Stop stop stop! It's okay.
It's okay.
[Brian V.O.]
Dear Hollis.
There are a couple more things
I think you should know
about my dad.
I know you still have questions
and I hope I can at least
answer one of them.
He told me about the
five million dollars
right before he was killed.
He'd taken a pay off back in the
day because he needed money for
my mom's medical bills.
I didn't want to say anything
because I was scared
and I didn't want to
get him in trouble.
He did it out of
love for my mom.
And by the way. I
was Kaila's source.
And I was the one who sent
you guys the group text...
And the books.
If anything should happen to me.
son. I want you to send these
books to the members
of the book club.
Grab that notepad.
I'm going to give you
their names and addresses.
Contact them immediately.
Ready?
Abby Caldwell. 2027
Lakefield Street.
You got that?
Hollis Morgan...
[Brian V.O.]
My dad knew
something was going
to happen to him.
I tried to save him...
But I couldn't.
I've left town for awhile but
I have a feeling I'll be back.
And you'll be happy to
know I kept my dad's boat.
Thanks for being a
good friend to my dad.
He always said you
were his favorite.
Well you're my favorite too.
Love Brian.
Detective Faber.
Am I in trouble?
Not that I know of.
I just wanted to congratulate
you on taking the bar.
How do you feel?
I feel good.
You are going to make
an excellent attorney.
I'm really looking forward to
our professional paths crossing.
Our professional paths?
[chuckles] Well. now that
you mention it...
That 'pretend date' of ours.
it was quite adventurous.
Indeed. yeah it was.
I was wondering if you would
consider a 'real' date?
You know. one that
didn't end in a takedown.
I'll definitely
consider that one day.
All right.
Well. in the meantime.
I'm just going to sit here on
these steps and enjoy my lunch.
[cheering. cork popping]
[happy chatter]
To Hollis!
The one to call if we ever end
up on the wrong side of the law.
-Again!
To Hollis!
[glasses clinking]
Thank you guys.
Thank you so much for
being my friends...
My family.
To Jeffrey...
To Jeffrey.
And to the Fallen Angels!
Yes!